Week 1 and week 2
Liyu Zhang and I are looking for teammates.


Week 3 
Form a group with Mengdi Shang, Yao Zhang, Runzhe Zhu. We initial interested on Project 8, but finally decided to work on Project 3. Start working on the Proposal.


Week 4
I used adobe xd to design all the web pages and wrote the System modules and flows part for the proposal. 


Week 5 
I was in charge of the backend, and implemented the functions of Forget password. 

I designed the models for Property, Booking, Wishlist, Inspection and Reviews for the database. 


Week 6
Implement the AddProperty, SearchProperty and ShowProperty functions. When search the property, make sure return the results which could be booked during this time period.

Implemented the reserve function. Make sure the property after this reservation could not be reserved during this period. 
 

Week7
I implemented the add, delete and show functions for wishlist. 

Implemented the add, show functions for review. 

Implemented the verify_booking function which is allow to change the check in and check out date. If the change is invalid period can not make the reservation.

Implemented the delete_booking function for user.  

Implement the my_property function for host to show all the properties the host own.

Try to use the yolov3 to do the object detection on the uploaded images to auto detect the amenities.


Week 8
I edited the booking functions for bookings. Add state attribute for the booking which include uncompleted, checked in, uncommented, completed, canceling and canceled. 

Add functions about apply refund functions for user and agree and refuse functions for host.

Add function to show the 5 nearby properties within 3km of the selected property. 

Implemented the show booking information functions on both side host and the user. 

Try to work out he object detection.


Week 9
I implement the delete function for property which only can be delete when there is no bookings from the current time. 

Add the recommend function show the top 10 rating properties. 

Add the overview function for property types shows how many properties each property type had. Eg. 56 views for house.

Find the background image for the main page of the web.

Collect review information from guests and make it into json format.

Prepare for the final presentation.





